this is a strictly series roundup in 60
seconds your Whistlestop guides to the
ninth series of Strictly Come Dancing
2011 saw an astrologer being fired from
a cannon an Italian fighting with a boa
a singing legend flying through the air
a footballer attacking a camera and size
17 feet mastering the cha-cha-cha over
6000 people joined us in Wembley Arena
for the biggest ever Strictly
and the grand final came from the bright
lights of Blackpool for a 3d spectacular
of three finalists gave it their all but
it was hairy and Aliona
who were crowned as Strictly Come
Dancing champions of 2011 series 9 of
Strictly has now come to an end but make
sure you join us on Christmas Day for a
winter wonderland special